Table 05-5	
Hand and Arm Protection
"Metal Mesh, Leather, or  Canvas Gloves "	"- Sturdy gloves made from metal mesh, leather, or canvas  provide protection from cuts, burns, and sustained heat.  "
Leather Gloves 	"- Protection against sparks, moderate heat, blows, chips, and  rough objects.   "
	- Welders in particular need the durability of higher-quality  leather gloves. 
Aluminized Gloves  	- Provide reflective and insulating protection against heat.   
	"Usually used for welding, furnace, and foundry work.   - Normally require an insert made of synthetic material that   protect against heat and cold.  "
Aramid Fiber Gloves  	- Aramid is a synthetic material that protects against heat and  cold and is also used to make gloves that are cut- and  abrasive-resistant and wear well. 
Fabric and Coated Fabric  Gloves  	"- Gloves made of cotton or other fabric protect against dirt, slivers, chafing, and abrasion but do not provide sufficient protection to be used with rough, sharp or  heavy materials. - Cotton flannel gloves coated with plastic transform fabric  gloves into general-purpose hand protection offering slip- resistant qualities. "
	- Coated fabric gloves are used for tasks ranging from handling bricks and wire rope to handling chemical  containers in laboratory operations. 
	"- For protection against chemical exposure hazards,  always check with manufacturer to determine the glovesí effectiveness against the specific chemicals/conditions in the workplace. "
Chemical and Liquid-Resistan	"- Gloves made of rubber (latex, nitrile, or butyl), plastic, or  synthetic rubber-like material such as neoprene protect  workers from burns, irritation, and dermatitis caused by  contact with oils, greases, solvents, and other chemicals. - Use of rubber gloves also reduces the risk of exposure  to blood and other potentially infectious substances. "
Gloves  	
 	
Butyl Rubber Gloves  	"- Protect against nitric acid, sulfuric acid, hydrofluoric acid, red fuming nitric acid, and peroxide.  Resist oxidation, ozone  corrosion, abrasion and remain flexible at low temperatures. "
 	
Natural Latex or Rubber  Gloves  	"- Comfortable wear and pliability along with their protective  qualities make them popular general purpose glove. - Resist abrasions caused by sandblasting, grinding, and  polishing and protect workersí hands from most water solutions of acids, alkalis, salts and ketones.  "
 	"- Hypoallergenic gloves, glove liners, and powderless gloves   possible alternatives for those allergic to latex. "
Neoprene Gloves  	"- Good pliability, dexterity, high density, and tear resistance.   - Provide protection from hydraulic fluids, gasoline, alcohols,  organic acids, and alkalis.  "
 	
Nitrile Rubber Gloves  	- Provide protection from chlorinated solvents such as trichloroethylene and perchloroethylene. 
 	"- Intended for jobs requiring dexterity and sensitivity, yet stand up to heavy use even after prolonged exposure that cause  other gloves to deteriorate. "
	"- Resist abrasion, puncturing, snagging, and tearing. "
Anti-vibration Gloves 	"-Gloves with gel insert and padding to absorb the tool  vibration. For best effectiveness, gloves should meet the   requirements of ANSI S2.73  "
