TABLE 8-1 		
Accident Prevention Sign Requirements 		
TYPE 	PURPOSE 	DESIGN 
DANGER 	"Indicates a specific immediate and grave danger, a hazard capable of producing irreversible damage or injury, and prohibition against harmful activity. "	"Layout as shown in Fig 8-1. Shall have “DANGER” in white letters at top of rectangular safety red background placed at top of sign. Safety alert symbol shall precede signal word. Base of symbol shall be on same horizontal level as base of letters of signal word- height equaling or exceeding signal word height. Alternate OSHA or ANSI requirement calls for lettering to be black letters on white background or white letters on black background and symbol/pictorial panel, if used, shall be square with black safety red, or black and safety red symbol on a white background. The USACE standard requires that the specific danger be described in black letters on a white background. On other approved Danger signs, the message is white lettering on a red background. "
CAUTION 	"Call attention to a specific potential hazard capable of resulting in severe, but not irreversible, injury or damage. "	Layout as shown in Fig 8-1. Shall have “CAUTION” in yellow on black background and lower panel for additional sign wording in black on a yellow background. 
GENERAL SAFETY 	"Includes notices of general practice and rules relating to health, first aid, medical equipment, sanitation, housekeeping, and general safety. "	"Layout as shown in Fig 8-1 or consisting of single panel. Shall have appropriate keyword as signal word in white on a green background in the upper panel and a lower panel for additional sign wording or symbols in black or green on a white background. Alternatively, the entire sign may be white letters on a green background. "
FIRE AND EMERGENCY 	"Used only to label or points the way to fire extinguishing equipment, fires escapes and exits, gas shutoff valves, sprinkler drains, and emergency procedures. "	"Layout as shown in Fig 8-1 or consisting of a single red panel. Shall have the appropriate keyword as the signal word in white on a red background in the upper panel and a lower panel for additional sign wording or symbols in red on a white background. Alternatively, the entire sign may be white letters on a red background. "
INFORMATION 	"Provide information of a general nature, such as designation of facilities or services, in order to avoid confusion or misunderstanding. "	Layout as shown in Fig 8-1 or consisting of a single panel. Should have signal word “NOTICE” in white on blue background in upper panel and lower panel for additional wording or symbols in blue or black on a white background OR entire sign may be white letters on blue background. 
EXIT 	Used to indicate exits. 	"Lettered in legible letters, not less than 6 in (15.2 cm) high, on white field. The principal stroke of letters shall be at least 3/4 in (5.1 cm) in width."
